Project 3 Self-Reflection

Please post your responses to the below questions up on Digication (make sure you create a new page!) by the end of the day.

1.  If you had the chance to do this project all over again, what would you do differently (knowing all you know now)?  A different topic?  Genre?  Explain?
	If I got to do this project over again I would focus in on learning and explaining how a neural network works. In both of the tutorials I included in my article, neither of them really explain how the algorithms really work behind the scenes. I would also like to try and explain the math that is used to run the neural networks.

2.  a.  How did your work with the Annotated Bibliography affect your writing experience?  How did it help you with your process?  Explain.  How did you see the research from the AB take shape in the eventual document?  Were you surprised how much (or how little) source material made the final document?  Did you have to do much more research after the AB’s draft was due?    
	The annotated bibliography helped me find a wide range of sources on the topic. I had a pretty diverse selection of sources to write on but I only really used two in my final draft. I found that creating summaries were helpful for searching through my sources for specific information. I did not have to do any more research after my Annotated Bibliography

b.    How did your work with the Genre Proposal/Context Note affect your writing experience?  How did it help you with your process?  Explain.

3.  a.  Describe your revision process through this assignment.  Especially focus on what you specifically changed (due to comments/suggestions during peer reviews or conferences).  Give examples and details here.  What do you think was your best revision? 

b.  Then describe some of the suggestions/changes that you didn’t follow (from your peers or from me).  Be specific here with the advice and your reasoning for not following it.  Justify the revision choices you made through your process. 

4.  a.  Look to the 11 Student Learning Goals for NU’s Writing Program (in the course syllabus).  Go through the goals and note how you met them—be as specific as you can.  Pay particular attention to goals 2, 4, 5, 7, 8, and 9.  You should have a few sentences of analysis for each goal.

b.  Then look back at your responses.  What do you think you took away from this assignment in terms of writing/reading skills?  Do you see a value in working with the genre you selected?  Researching?  Drafting?  Process? What techniques/skills did you employ during this assignment that will prove helpful outside of this class for future work here at NU?

5.  What was most challenging about this assignment?  Why?  Explain?  What was least challenging about this assignment?  Why?  Explain.

6.  What do you think is most successful about your project?  Why?  Least successful?  Why? 

7.  Any other thoughts, comments, or notes?
